Hello!\
\
Today's lesson is on the verb be in plural statements.\
Look at this photo of my friends Rachel and Jack.\
\
Guess.\
What do they do?\
\
Give up?\
They're doctors.\
\
My friends Lauren, Tara, and I are teachers.\
We are teachers.\
\
All of you are students.\
My friends Rachel and Jack are doctors.\
\
They are doctors.\
We, you, and they are plural.\
\
For example: We are teachers.\
You are students.\
\
They are athletes.\
Notice the verb are.\
\
We often use contractions, especially when we speak.\
For example: We are teachers.\
\
We're teachers.\
You are students.\
\
You're students.\
They are doctors.\
\
They're doctors.\
These are affirmative statements, or true statements.\
\
We use negative statements to say something is not true.\
For negative statements, use not.\
\
For example: We are not students.\
You are not teachers.\
\
They are not musicians.\
We often use negative contractions, especially when we speak.\
\
There are two ways to make negative contractions with we, you, and they.\
For example: We're not students.\
\
We aren't students.\
You're not teachers.\
\
You aren't teachers.\
They're not musicians.\
\
They aren't musicians.\
}